# System-Analysis-Design

# Briefly summarize the DriverPass project. Who was the client? What type of system did they want you to design?
Our client, DriverPass, is a company that wanted to create a system to help students pass their driving tests. The system they wanted us to design them would allow students to create an account with their company, purchase driving lesson packages, take online courses/tests that are current with DMV question and answers, and allow students to make and modify appointments for their in person driving tests.

# What did you do particularly well?
What I did particulary well in this project was listening to the customers wants and needs and then conveying those needs into both the Business Requirements and System Design documents. I did so by detailing nonfunctional and functional requriements for the DriverPass system and composing a multitude of diagrams to explain the way in which the system should function. 

# If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it?
If I could choose one part of my work on these documents to revise I would probaly choose to redo the UML class diagram. I feel as though there are a multitude of things I could have improved on, such as inlcuding more details into the relationship or associations of each object, and also incorporating more classes for the accounts and payments/cart. UML class diagrams are still something I need to work on so that I can include the most detail as possible when working on a system desgin.  

# How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your system design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing?
During the interview portion with Liam and his IT officer,lan, we were able to discuss all the aspects of the system he wished to include. From there I was able to gauge what type of performance requirements we would need as well as platform constraints, accuracy & precision of the system, adaptability, security, the type of user interface design we would need to work on, etc. It is extremely important to consider the user's needs when designing because ultimatley, they will be the ones who will be intereacting with the system the most, so a good overall design is extremely improtant. With a great eperience and a desire to come back to the the DriverPass system, DriverPass will be able to keep clients and drive more traffic in. 

# How do you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a system?
I approach designing software by first having a sit down conversation with the owners of the company whose software I will be desigining. Next, I note all the requirements that the software will need, this includes nonfunctional and functional requirements. Then, using an agile approach, I can focus on breakding down the project into several manageable chunks or "phases" that all need to be completed by an aigle tream by a certain deadline, By doing this I will be able to ensure that all pieces of the project gets done in a timely manner, and most importantly, in a manner that will produce a high quality product. The strategy that I would use in the future to analyze and design a system would be to use a top-down approach, by doing this we will be able to divide the system into different components until we reached the end of the project.
